# Adventure Log:  6/14/20

## Where we left off:
* After checking with Manistrat Copperlocks to see if she was in need of shipping for the mining operation, she asked if we would be interested in some adventuring type work.  There was an idea discovered under ground that made the miners nervous.  They discovered old dwarven ruins but the dwarves look different than current day dwarves.

## Events Today:
* The group proceeded through the locked door and into some roughly hewn tunnels that sloped downwards for quite a while (500 yards?).  They found a hallway and while discussing what to do, Telinax continued west and entered a larger room.  Kholos and Telinax discovered an undead skelton of a dwarf in this room.  Upon entering the room, the skelton attacked as was promptly defeated.  Elron found 1400c next to the corpse. On the far side of the room Telinax found a set of double doors that appear to have been untouched by time.  They looked out of place.  The group came up to inspect and after some discussion, Telinax opened up the door and pushed Kholos in.  The group promptly was hit with a Fireball from a flaming skull.  The skull thing was resistent to physical damage and immune to fire, however the group was able to get it killed.

* The group retreated to take a short rest to bandage its wounds.  When they returned, the Flaming Skull was back and attacked the group, but was eventually defeated again.  It appeared to be the same flaming skull.  Some effort was made to attempting to destroy the construct.

* In the room to the North, Telinax was able to observe a room with an alter and some cloth near the alter.  He was then caled in back by the rest of the group to review the room to the south.  The room to the self had a worm like undead creature which the group was able to get a surprise round in and promptly kill it during the first round of combat.  Two more substantial skelton creatures attacked as well as two undead skelton swarms.  These were defeated without much effort. 

 * Telinax moved back to the northern room and upon entering, a huge undead creature in robes stood up and attacked.  The first attack hit Telinax for 32 hit points, nearly one shotting him.  The group was able to rally to Telinax however melee attacks were resisted and the group was attacking blind due to an ability from the monster.  Telinax was able to return the psychic damage to the creature and attempt an escape, however he was not able to put enough space between it and he was promptly dropped by the creature during the next round, only to be stabilized by Del and healed via potion from Varanus.  The monster was finally overwhelmed by damage.

 * The group then investigated the rooms further and found a hidden room.  This room had a healing potion and two books in it.  One of the books was a diary from a mad priest.  The other was a book on summoning demons which was enchanted to force an unknowing reader to attempt to destroy the book.  Telinax took the self destructing book.  Varanus took the diary.  The group then rounded up and shoveled in 900c, 9000s, 1900g, 140p into the bag of holding.

 * On the way out of the cave area, we encountered the Flaming Skull again.  It was taken out yet again and an Arcana check showed us that the best option we would have to destroy it would be to use holy water on the remains.

 * Going all the way back to the Dwarven statue chamber, Telinax was finally able to deduce what the dwarven writings on the doors said:  "*Main Highway, North to Tyr Na Gorr. Sourth to Tyr Na Fyre. East to Lak Na Gool. Sealed against the deep forces. NO ENTRY*".  They were able to find secret compartments and light brazers on these statues as they settled in for a long rest.